= Ruby Invoicing Framework

* {Ruby Invoicing Framework website}[http://ept.github.com/invoicing/]
* {API Reference Docs}[http://invoicing.rubyforge.org/doc/]
* {Browse the code on GitHub}[http://github.com/ept/invoicing/]
* {RubyForge project}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/invoicing/]
* Email: Martin Kleppmann <ept@rubyforge.org>

== DESCRIPTION

This is a framework for generating and displaying invoices (ideal for
commercial Rails apps). It allows for flexible business logic; provides tools
for tax handling, commission calculation etc. It aims to be both
developer-friendly and accountant-friendly.

The Ruby Invoicing Framework is based on
{ActiveRecord}[http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Base.html].

Please see {the website}[http://ept.github.com/invoicing/] for an introduction
to using Invoicing, and check the
{API reference}[http://invoicing.rubyforge.org/doc/] for in-depth details.

== STATUS

So far, the Ruby Invoicing Framework has been tested with ActiveRecord 2.2.2,
MySQL 5.0.67 and PostgreSQL 8.3.5. We will be testing it across a wider
variety of versions soon.

== CREDITS

The Ruby invoicing framework originated as part of the website
{Bid for Wine}[http://www.bidforwine.co.uk], developed by Patrick Dietrich,
Conrad Irwin, Michael Arnold and Martin Kleppmann for Ept Computing Ltd.
It was extracted from the Bid for Wine codebase and substantially extended
by Martin Kleppmann.

== LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 Martin Kleppmann, Ept Computing Limited.

This gem is made publicly available under the terms of the MIT license.
See LICENSE and/or COPYING for details.
